# SDM_Project
E-Camp is an information system for a company that organizes camps for school-aged children. The camps can be summer camps, which last two weeks or winter camps which last one week. The system for a multitude of tasks: to display and manage the available program offers to the potential customers, to manage the bookings, during the camp to organize the program for each day and after the camp to get feedback from the participants.
The registration for the children has to be done many months in advance using the site. Depending on how many registrations are made, locations are hired in advance. For that the system computes the degree of occupancy for each location and period. The locations are introduced and updated by the administrator.
The program consists of mandatory team-work tasks but also optional trips decided at registration time. If there are not enough persons for an optional trip the trip is canceled. Each activity needs a number of instructors and some of them are in parallel, with subgroups of children. The system allows the owner to set up a daily program, based on the introduced activities and number of instructors and check if there are enough resources. Once validated, the program is updated in the site for that specific camp. For winter camps, the system also computes the price of the materials, the skis that have to be rented. For all camps the system computes the necessary costs, in manpower and equipment in order to compute the price of a ticket.
During the camp, the system provides to the owner the list of children which are split in groups of 3-5 based on their school of origin. The teams compete in different games for which they get scores. The standings of the teams are posted each evening on the site. 
After the camp each child gets an acc

